PostHog Cloud EU launch blog (#4380)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/posthog-cloud-eu.md

Until now, running PostHog with GDPR compliance meant self-hosting on your own infrastructure, or comprehensively anonymizing data if using PostHog Cloud.

Thanks to our new hosting option, customers in the EU, and any business that needs to keep user data within the EU, can get up and running on PostHog Cloud EU in just a few minutes.

<GDPRForm />

## FAQ

### Where are PostHog Cloud EU's servers based?

PostHog Cloud EU is hosted on AWS servers based in Frankfurt, Germany.

### What data is transferred from the EU to the US?

None. PostHog Cloud EU is an entirely independent instance of PostHog. All event data, user data, and the product itself, is hosted on our EU-based servers.

### How do I use PostHog Cloud EU in compliance with GDPR?

Just deploying PostHog Cloud EU isn't enough – you still need to [acquire consent](/tutorials/react-cookie-banner) from your users and comply with all other provisions of the GDPR, such as the right to be forgotten. Please see our [GDPR guidance](/docs/privacy/gdpr-compliance) for more information.

### I'm an existing PostHog customer, can I migrate to PostHog Cloud EU?

> Yes. Please read our guide to [migrating to PostHog Cloud EU](/tutorials/migrate-eu-cloud). Please note: at this time, only event and person data can be migrated. Insights, dashboards, and feature flags are not migratable.

Author: @ellie I believe the above is all correct, but please verify I'm not telling fibs.

Reviewer: No fibs here! 🙌

---
date: 2022-10-10
title: Introducing PostHog Cloud EU
rootPage: /blog
sidebar: Blog
showTitle: true
hideAnchor: true
categories: ["Product updates”]
author: ["andy-vandervell"]

> featuredImage: ../images/blog/posthog-eu-blog.png

Reviewer 2: We need to change this image. The blue doesn't seem the right share, there's transparent shadow left on the image and the fill doesn't alias correctly. @lottiecoxon is off ill today and, since we need this to be ready for tomorrow, I'm going to suggest we swap this for an existing image. It'll be less targeted, but look better.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
featuredImage: ../images/blog/posthog-release-notes-blog.png
```

Author: Didn't realise Lottie was off. I cant probably do a better version of this, or maybe Cory can help? The blue is the exact shade of the EU flag, btw.

Author: Have updated the image so it looks ok. Something more custom would be preferable if Lottie is back tomorrow.

featuredImageType: full
--

> Today, we’re delighted to announce the [launch of PostHog Cloud EU](/eu) – a fully-managed version of PostHog where all data is hosted exclusively in the EU.

Reviewer 2: 'Delighted to announce' is pretty generic and not opinionated.

I'd propose cutting this first line and jumping straight to the real point. 
```suggestion
It's no secret that some popular analytics tools, such as [Google Analytics](https://isgoogleanalyticsillegal.com/), have fallen foul of GDPR regulations in the EU. That's one reason why we've enabled users to self-host PostHog, or to anonymize user data in a way which complies with GDPR. 

Today, we're making a third option available: hosting PostHog Cloud in Europe so that user data never has to leave the EU. Now, any business which needs to comply with GDPR regulations can get up and running in a few minutes, and without the ongoing upkeep required for a self-hosted deployment. 

Oh, and PostHog Cloud EU also happens to be faster for users located in Europe, which is nice. 

PostHog Cloud EU offers everything you'd expect of PostHog - analytics, session recording, experiments and more. The only difference is that you can now choose to host in a different region, at no extra cost. 
```

Until now, running PostHog with GDPR compliance meant self-hosting on your own infrastructure, or comprehensively anonymizing data if using PostHog Cloud.

Thanks to our new hosting option, customers in the EU, and any business that needs to keep user data within the EU, can get up and running on PostHog Cloud EU in just a few minutes.

<GDPRForm />

## FAQ

### Where are PostHog Cloud EU's servers based?

> PostHog Cloud EU is hosted on AWS servers based in Frankfurt, Germany.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
PostHog Cloud EU is hosted in the AWS `eu-central-1` region based in Frankfurt, Germany.
```

Author: Thanks @guidoiaquinti

### What data is transferred from the EU to the US?

> None. PostHog Cloud EU is an entirely independent instance of PostHog. All event data, user data, and the product itself, is hosted on our EU-based servers.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
None. PostHog Cloud EU is an entirely independent instance of PostHog. All event data, user data, and the product itself, is hosted on our EU-based infrastructure.
```

---
date: 2022-10-10
title: Introducing PostHog Cloud EU
rootPage: /blog
sidebar: Blog
showTitle: true
hideAnchor: true
categories: ["Product updates”]
author: ["andy-vandervell"]
featuredImage: ../images/blog/posthog-eu-blog.png
featuredImageType: full
--

> It's no secret that some popular analytics tools, such as Google Analytics, have fallen foul of GDPR regulations in the EU. That's one reason why we've enabled users to self-host PostHog, or to anonymize user data in a way which complies with GDPR. 

Author: @joethreepwood I merged but I removed the link to gaisillegal here. I'd rather not send people off somewhere else if we can help it.
